README.md, before:

# Next.js 15 Dashboard Starter

A modern dashboard starter template built with Next.js 15, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS 4. Perfect for users new to Next.js who want to quickly build rich, interactive dashboards.

## Features

- **Next.js 15** with App Router
- **TypeScript** with strict configuration
- **Tailwind CSS 4** with dark mode support
- **Turbopack** for fast development
- **Geist fonts** optimized with `next/font`
- **ESLint** with Next.js configuration
- **Dashboard-ready** structure and components

## Getting Started

1. Fork this repository
2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see your dashboard

## Development Commands

- `npm run dev` - Start development server with Turbopack
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

```
├── app/                 # Next.js App Router pages
│   ├── layout.tsx      # Root layout with fonts and metadata
│   ├── page.tsx        # Homepage - start building here
│   └── globals.css     # Global styles
├── components/         # Reusable UI components (create as needed)
├── lib/               # Utility functions
├── public/            # Static assets
└── hooks/             # Custom React hooks
```

## Building Your Dashboard

1. **Start with the homepage**: Modify `app/page.tsx` to create your main dashboard view
2. **Add new pages**: Create folders in `/app` (e.g., `/app/analytics/page.tsx`)
3. **Create components**: Add reusable components to `/components`
4. **Style with Tailwind**: Use utility classes and dark mode variants

## Live Coding with Claude Code

This template is optimized for pair programming with [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code):

- Small, focused components for easy iteration
- TypeScript interfaces for clear data structures
- Tailwind utilities for rapid styling
- Hot reload for immediate feedback

## Learn More

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - Learn about Next.js features and API
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) - Utility-first CSS framework
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs) - Typed JavaScript

## Deploy on Vercel

Deploy easily with the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/your-username/nextjs-dashboard-starter)

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

add deploy to squadbase button

README.md, after:

# Next.js 15 Dashboard Starter

A modern dashboard starter template built with Next.js 15, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS 4. Perfect for users new to Next.js who want to quickly build rich, interactive dashboards.

## Features

- **Next.js 15** with App Router
- **TypeScript** with strict configuration
- **Tailwind CSS 4** with dark mode support
- **Turbopack** for fast development
- **Geist fonts** optimized with `next/font`
- **ESLint** with Next.js configuration
- **Dashboard-ready** structure and components

## Getting Started

1. Fork this repository
2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see your dashboard

## Development Commands

- `npm run dev` - Start development server with Turbopack
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

```
├── app/                 # Next.js App Router pages
│   ├── layout.tsx      # Root layout with fonts and metadata
│   ├── page.tsx        # Homepage - start building here
│   └── globals.css     # Global styles
├── components/         # Reusable UI components (create as needed)
├── lib/               # Utility functions
├── public/            # Static assets
└── hooks/             # Custom React hooks
```

## Building Your Dashboard

1. **Start with the homepage**: Modify `app/page.tsx` to create your main dashboard view
2. **Add new pages**: Create folders in `/app` (e.g., `/app/analytics/page.tsx`)
3. **Create components**: Add reusable components to `/components`
4. **Style with Tailwind**: Use utility classes and dark mode variants

## Live Coding with Claude Code

This template is optimized for pair programming with [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code):

- Small, focused components for easy iteration
- TypeScript interfaces for clear data structures
- Tailwind utilities for rapid styling
- Hot reload for immediate feedback

## Learn More

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - Learn about Next.js features and API
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) - Utility-first CSS framework
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs) - Typed JavaScript

## Deploy on Squadbase

Click the button to clone this repository and deploy it on Squadbase.

[![Deploy to Squadbase](https://app.squadbase.dev/button.svg)](https://app.squadbase.dev/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/squadbase/nextjs-dashboard-starter.git)
